blocks :{
amount = 16
type0 = "bluetree"
type1 = "stone"
type2 = "dirt"
type3 = "grass"
type4 = "sky"
type5 = "treeone"
type6 = "leaves"
type7 = "wood"
type8 = "boards"
type9 = "sky"
type11 = "backdirt"
type12 = "backstone"
type13 = "backgrass"
type14 = "backsand"
type15 = "sand"
type16 = "water"
}
bluetree:{
hasupdate = true
hastickupdate = true
needsky = true
needlevelground = true
needsolidunderground = true
needslight = true
needskyamount = 5
needlevelgroundamount = 2
needsolidundergroundamount = 2
updatesize = 3
}
stone:{
hasupdate = false
hastickupdate = false
needsky = false
needlevelground = false
needsolidunderground = false
needslight = false
}
dirt:{
hasupdate = false
hastickupdate = false
needsky = false
needlevelground = false
needsolidunderground = false
needslight = false
}
grass:{
hasupdate = false
hastickupdate = false
needsky = false
needlevelground = false
needsolidunderground = false
needslight = true
}
sky:{
hasupdate = false
hastickupdate = false
needsky = false
needlevelground = false
needsolidunderground = false
needslight = false
}
treeone:{
hasupdate = true
hastickupdate = true
needsky = true
needlevelground = true
needsolidunderground = true
needslight = true
needskyamount = 5
needlevelgroundamount = 2
needsolidundergroundamount = 2
updatesize = 3
}
leaves:{
hasupdate = false
hastickupdate = false
needsky = false
needlevelground = false
needsolidunderground = false
needslight = true
}
wood:{
hasupdate = false
hastickupdate = false
needsky = false
needlevelground = false
needsolidunderground = false
needslight = false
}
boards:{
hasupdate = false
hastickupdate = false
needsky = false
needlevelground = false
needsolidunderground = false
needslight = false
}
backdirt:{
hasupdate = false
hastickupdate = false
needsky = false
needlevelground = false
needsolidunderground = false
needslight = false
}
backstone:{
hasupdate = false
hastickupdate = false
needsky = false
needlevelground = false
needsolidunderground = false
needslight = false
}
backgrass:{
hasupdate = false
hastickupdate = false
needsky = false
needlevelground = false
needsolidunderground = false
needslight = false
}
backsand:{
hasupdate = false
hastickupdate = false
needsky = false
needlevelground = false
needsolidunderground = false
needslight = false
}
sand:{
hasupdate = false
hastickupdate = false
needsky = false
needlevelground = false
needsolidunderground = false
needslight = false
}
water:{
hasupdate = false
hastickupdate = true
needsky = false
needlevelground = false
needsolidunderground = false
needslight = false
}